Fix typo in intro to ether doc [Fixes #5717] (#5912)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/index.md

## What is ether? {#what-is-ether}

> **Ether (ETH)** is the cryptocurrency used for many things on the Ethereum network. Fundamentally, it is the only acceptable form of payment for transaction fees, and after [The Merge](/upgrades/merge), it is also required in order to validate and propose blocks on Mainnet. Ether is also used as a primary form of collateral in the [DeFi](/defi) lending markets, as a unit of account in NFT marketplaces, as payment earned for performing services or selling real-world goods, and more.

Reviewer: Nice catch. We were also switching tense mid-sentence which feels awkward. Slight tweak to fix that.

```suggestion
**Ether (ETH)** is the cryptocurrency used for many things on the Ethereum network. Fundamentally, it is the only acceptable form of payment for transaction fees, and after [The Merge](/upgrades/merge), ether will be required to validate and propose blocks on Mainnet. Ether is also used as a primary form of collateral in the [DeFi](/defi) lending markets, as a unit of account in NFT marketplaces, as payment earned for performing services or selling real-world goods, and more.
```
